welcome back to our channel
today is a very special blockbuster
movie called godzilla vs kong
early in the morning a giant monkey
wakes up to welcome a new day
this giant monkey named kong
as soon as he wake up he swim under the
river
deep in the forest there is a little
girl who is swaddling with a doll this
girl's name is daya
daya is a deaf girl and she can
communicate with kong through sign
language
daiya showed the doll to kong to say
kong is being held here
kong understood daya's meaning and threw
the weapon straight up
the ecological dome where kong was
detained was breached by kong
kong is very angry he screams making the
whole forest shake
dr andrew said this place is going to be
untenable
daya ran up to her and told he is angry
andrew doesn't believe it and tells daya
to get in the car
the collected information shows that the
interior of the earth is made up of
caves and large pockets of glass
the admiral begins an expedition to find
the entrance to the secret world
this guy is benny a former employee of
apex and the host of the titan
conspiracy theory podcast
while there was no one in the room benny
copied all the information on the
computer to reveal it outside
while benny was copying he discovered
something
suddenly the alarm went off and everyone
evacuated
at this moment godzilla appeared
apex ceo walter simmon fled with his
private jet
people use planes to shoot bullets and
rockets at godzilla but it doesn't hurt
godzilla
godzilla launched blue sparks to attack
the city causing all the people to panic
and run away a flash of light caused the
tunnel to collapse
benny discovers a strange object that
probably makes godzilla angry and
attacks the city
many people were injured
at this time the news also reported that
godzilla had attacked the city this girl
is russo who doesn't believe that
godzilla attacked the city for no reason
russo goes to her father and says
godzilla was provoked and reminds him
that godzilla saved us in the past
but he did not believe that because he
had seen many people in the city injured
by godzilla
russo is disappointed in her father and
turns to leave
apex ceo walter simon turned to dr lee
for help
and apex showed dr lee the inner
structure of the hollow earth
dr lee found that in the hollow earth
there was a signal of a very large
energy source and almost coincided with
orca
at this time apex also showed dr lee
more about the extraordinary aircraft
that can fly in the hollow earth
and apex begged dr lee to help him
dr lee hastily found a book
they said they needed a titan to guide
them
and this book is about the future of
science the kong whisper
at the skull island at this time dr lin
convinces andrew to take kong away from
here and let kong return to his home in
antarctica
andrew agrees to let kong go home
but daya feels very sad that kong is no
longer here
at this moment kong was sleeping on a
large crossbar
at this time kong woke up to find that
he was chained
khan felt very angry
this girl named maya simon who is apex's
daughter also appeared there she is
extremely bossy
at night there was a heavy rain andrew
said according to legend godzilla's
ancestors had a great battle
it took her 10 years to research the
island and i'm sure kong doesn't kneel
before anyone andrew said
under heavy rain daya went out to meet
kong
daiya raised her finger and touched
kong's giant finger
andrew ran to die and said this place is
very dangerous
daya said to andrew kong is very sad and
angry
andrew said kong doesn't understand that
people are helping kong
daya tells andrew that kong doesn't
believe
but when andrew saw kong talking about
home she believed that daya could talk
to kong
rusu invites her best friend josh to
come along to investigate the cause of
godzilla's attack
they went to benny's house
benny told them about the strange object
he saw in the secret vault
benny thinks it's a very questionable
technology
benny pulled a small bottle of wine from
his pocket
and show russo a picture of his wife
benny told russo the day this bottle
runs out is the day i give up
the next morning everyone fed kong with
fish
at this time andrew still blames daya
for not telling her about this
daya said kong doesn't want anyone to
know because kong is afraid
andre told dr lin that if it wasn't for
daya kong would have torn this ship
apart
daya touched the wall and sensed that
godzilla had begun to appear
daya rushes to tell andrew about
godzilla's appearance
we have to release kong so he can
protect himself and protect us andrew
said
they tried to use firepower to shoot
godzilla but still could not hurt
godzilla
godzilla's fins can split a ship in half
at this time kong was extremely angry
and wanted to break the chains to fight
with godzilla
this time godzilla used his tail to
break many planes and two large ships
next godzilla approached kong's ship and
overturned the ship
khan fell into the sea
dr lin swam over to unlock kong
in the water kong was not originally
godzilla's opponent but kong still used
all his strength to kick godzilla away
and kong used his hand to turn the ship
upside down
kong used two hands to break the lock at
the neck
kong saw godzilla slowly approaching the
two ships
kong immediately jumps over dr lin's
ship to stop godzilla
kong took the plane and flew straight at
godzilla but it had no effect
kong punched godzilla's face but then
godzilla knocked kong back onto the ship
at this time dr lin's team also fired
fire at godzilla to aid kong
kong then stood up to knock godzilla
back into the sea
at this time godzilla used atoms to
spray the water causing kong to once
again jump into the sea
andrew said to dr lin kong needs our
help to find a way to distract godzilla
andrew used a lot of anti-submarine
bombs to help kong
kong emerged from the water and vomited
a lot of water
kong felt very tired and lay on his back
on the ship
godzilla is back now dr lin asks to turn
off all power and engines
now godzilla thought it had won all and
turned and dived deep into the sea
here benny leads rousseau and josh to
sneak into apex
and benny also successfully opened the
secret tunnel
at this point russo discovers an
elevator
they went down to basement number 33.
when they were almost discovered they
quickly fled into the closed room
they were accidentally locked up and
transported in a container carrying
lizard eggs to hong kong
dr lin used many planes to bring kong to
the south pole
the planes gently put kong on the ground
daya tells kong that maybe kong's house
isn't there
daya added to kong maybe kong's family
is in there
kong trusted daya so he went into the
tunnel
dr lin's group also followed kong in a
specialized spaceship
everyone followed kong and then they
ended up in a place separate from the
world
the scenery here is so beautiful this is
the kong house
suddenly a skeleton lizard appeared
kong grabbed it and fought it
kong tore up the lizard and ate it
deliciously
there are also many large and dangerous
animals on the ground
at this time kong was close to his home
there was a lot of rubble
benny's group is locked up once again
benny says that here is sacrifice lake
russo discovered the animal carcass
smelt a stench
at this moment the light was turned on
along with a warning signal to all stay
away from this place
suddenly a mechagodzilla appeared from
the ground simmond made the connection
with the pilot's consciousness
simon released the skull lizard to test
the robot mesh agojila
at this time mexico julie used atomic
breath to split the skull lizard in half
benny's groups also run on tunnel safety
but now the system only reached 40
capacity and simmon was not satisfied
with it
and russo also found out that this is
the reason why godzilla attacked the
apex headquarters
russo's father took out his phone to see
where she was
but now the alarm signal shows that
godzilla is changing direction to hong
kong
and now kong has also returned to his
home
on the door there are imprints of the
hands of the ancient kings of kong
kong put his hand on the door and pushed
it open
opening the door kong was extremely
happy
kong pulled the axe from the skull of a
godzilla that had died in an ancient war
with kong's ancestors
once it was safe dr lin landed the
spacecraft on the ground
kong holds an axe and sits on the throne
of his ancestors
as benny's group is looking for an exit
russo discovers a room
when they entered the room they saw the
skull of gidera
and they also saw a pilot who was neuro
connecting and doing what he wanted
at this time godzilla appeared and broke
the bridge in the city
at this point russo's father orders all
the people in the city to evacuate
kong discovered a power source that
could charge the axe
there was a place on the ground with an
axe image and kong immediately put the
axe down kong's throne now emits a blue
light
at this time godzilla sensed the energy
and attacked the throne directly through
the hollow earth
at this point andrew prevents maya from
extracting energy samples from the
hollow earth but it was too late maya
was successfully sent to earth to simmon
kong was extremely angry opened his
mouth and shouted at maya
the big bats fall down to eat people
as dr lin's group approached the
spaceship a bat fell and stood in front
of the entrance
when the bat jumped up to eat the group
of andreans a blue light pierced its
body
kong goes against the atom and maya and
apex's group are killed
kong and dr lin's group escaped alive
through the hole to hong kong
here godzilla and kong fight each other
in the city
at this time kong repeatedly hit
godzilla using both hands to open
godzilla's mouth
kong then jumped up and punched godzilla
in the face
kong used the axe to poke godzilla in
the mouth
kong uses the axe against godzilla's
atomic breath
now that the axe has been charged with
energy from godzilla kong uses the axe
to hit godzilla
godzilla used blue breath to chase kong
kong jumped over buildings to avoid
at this time dr lin's spacecraft began
to reach the earth and flew past kong's
mouth
dodging aside it was godzilla's atomic
breath
this time kong jumped up and used the
axe to catch godzilla's breath and cut
it straight into its mouth
godzilla fell tiredly into a tall
building
meanwhile benny russo and josh are
arrested by security and taken to mr
simmons place
and russo said to simmon godzilla kept
us safe but it was he who started the
war
as soon as godzilla woke up kong
repeatedly attacked godzilla
but the situation turned around godzilla
returned the blow to kong
kong was bitten by godzilla and had pain
in his arm
godzilla stepped on kong's body with his
foot
godzilla took a very long breath and
shouted at kong
kong tried to get up but fell back and
lost consciousness
despite all the warnings simon continued
to launch mechagodzilla
mesha gojilla possessed by guidra's
consciousness awakens and kills simon
at this time the pilot was also
electrocuted to death
at this point meshugo julie used her
strength to escape
the battle between godzilla and
mechagodzilla has begun
this time godzilla was overwhelmed by
the power of mechagodzilla
when daya put her hand on the ground she
heard kong's heartbeat slow down
andrew told dr lin we need a power
source strong enough to save kong
godzilla used atomic breath to fight
mechagodzilla but the stronger
mechagodzilla's power burned a layer of
godzilla's skin
at this time dr lin was able to revive
kong daya tells kong that godzilla is
not the enemy the enemy is meshugo jilla
daya tells kong to be careful and come
save godzilla
benny's team still cannot remotely turn
off this aggressive robot
when mechagodzilla was about to use
atomic breath kong jumped up and opened
mechagodzilla's mouth to save godzilla
kong was knocked down by mechagodzilla
godzilla reached for mechagodzilla's
hand and then kong got up and grabbed
the other hand
meshugo jilla now overpowers both kong
and godzilla
kong used an axe to slash at misha
gojilla but misha gojilla was unharmed
josh knocks out meshugo jill as control
circuit with benny's boos
mesha gojilla is stalled and godzilla
and kong have time to recover
godzilla powers the axe with his atomic
breath
it increases the power of the axe and
allows kong to chop off his arms and
legs and destroy mechagodzilla
russo is finally able to reunite with
her father
at this point godzilla considers kong
worthy and gives kong the empty earth
finally the long-standing feud between
the two titans was resolved and godzilla
returned to the sea in peace
all have also returned to the peaceful
life as before
kong bid everyone farewell to return as
a king and rule the hollow earth
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie
thank you for watching the movie